---
layout: page
title: HPC RSE Meeting Notes, 25 August 2020
summary:
---

# HPC RSE Meeting Notes: 25 August 2020


## Actions

  - (AndyT/JamesG) Look at organising online event to bring workflow tool developers together with HPC RSEs to explore the space and how these tools can be enabled in MFA world.
    - Maybe look at one of the SORSE events for this
    - IRIS looking at command line access via federated access (via STFC)
  - (AndyT) Raise option of authentication workshop with HPC-SIG
  - (AndyT) Organise presentation on IRIS authentication work to this group

## Topics of interest

### Modules

  - Do sites prefer TCL or Lmod? Why?
  - How do different sites organise their modules - hierarchical, flat?
  - Can user groups contribute their own modulefiles? If so, how is this managed?

## National HPC RSE Updates

eks

## Upcoming training, events and meetings


## Date of next meeting

1400 UK Time, TBC September 2020
